Let's move on to our last big route handler.
It is sign out inside of our routes directory.
I'm going to find that file.
Open it up.
I'm going to delete the rest send inside there and we're going to add in some code to sign the user
out.
So what does it really mean to sign out a user?
Well, essentially, we're going to send back a header that's going to tell the user's browser to dump
all the information inside that cookie, just empty it out.
And that's going to remove the JSON web token.
That means any time the user makes a follow up request, there will be no token included inside that
cookie.
To empty out all the information inside the user's cookie.
We're going to use the cookie session library once again because remember, that is what is handling
all of our cookie related stuff.
I have the documentation for cookie session already up on the screen right here and if I scroll down
a little bit, says very plainly to empty out a session and destroy all the information side of it,
we'll set rect session equal to null and that's pretty much it.
So inside of our post request handler to sign out, we will add in rect session is null and then naturally
we do still have to send back a response.
So I'll just send back an empty object.
And that should be it.
All right, well, let's save this.
Go back over to the postman and do a quick test.
Back inside a postman.
I still am looking at the tab where I'm making a get request to figure out the current user.
If I send this off, it looks like I am not logged in right now.
So I'm going to go back to my first tab where I have the request configured to do a sign in attempt.
I've got my valid email and password, so I'm going to send that off and now I should be logged in.
To confirm that.
I'll go back over to the git tab right here for current user.
Yep.
Looks like I am now logged in.
So now finally, to test out the log out functionality, I'm going to open up yet another tab.
I'll make a post request to https Poland slash slash.
And then ticketing.
Dev API users and sign out.
I'll go ahead and make sure I just set the header of content high.
Application slash JSON.
And I'll go ahead and send that.
So now I get a response right here of empty object, which is what we would expect.
If I now go back over to the Get request tab where I try to get the current user, I can send that off
and now you'll see that I am now logged out.
All right.
Well, that's pretty much it for sign out.
Now, as I mentioned at the end of the last video, when we finished working on Current User, we were
going to extract some of the logic inside of here into two helper middleware.
So let's take a pause right here and then start to tackle that in the next video.